HDDS-5966. [HTTPFSGW] Update module doc, and place it in Ozone project docs (#4250)
apache/ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/design/httpfs.md

---
title: HttpFS support for Ozone
summary: HttpFS is a WebHDFS compatible interface that is added as a separate role to Ozone.
date: 2023-02-03
jira: HDDS-5447
status: implemented
author: Zita Dombi, Istvan Fajth
---
<!--
  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License. See accompanying LICENSE file.
-->

# Abstract

> With the HttpFS interface implementation, called Ozone HttpFS, we can provide a REST API - and with that, 
> easy integration for Ozone - for those tools that do not have an easy integration/migration to use the S3 
> interface or the FileSystem API.

Reviewer: CMIIW

```suggestion
Ozone HttpFS provides an HttpFS-compatible REST API interface to enable applications that are designed to use [HttpFS](https://hadoop.apache.org/docs/stable/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/index.html) to interact and integrate with Ozone.
```
